[VAULT-35162] Development cluster docs clarifications (#30983)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/license/utilization/auto-reporting.mdx

As of 1.20.0, clusters now report the `development_cluster` metadata field, which
indicates whether the cluster is used for development (non-production) purposes. By default, the field is set to `false`,
indicating the cluster is running in a production environment. Changing the value is done via HCL configuration by adding

> the `development_cluster` field to the `license` parameter within the `reporting` stanza. Only set the field to `true` if
> the cluster is not used for production purposes — there are EULA implications if set on a production cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `development_cluster` field to the `license` parameter within the `reporting` stanza.
Do not use `development_cluster` outside of development environments. Setting
`development_cluster` to `true` on production clusters can violate EULA obligations.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

The `development_cluster` configuration cannot differ across replicated clusters.
In [performance replication](/vault/docs/enterprise/replication#performance-replication), secondary clusters inherit the
`development_cluster` value from the primary cluster, regardless of their own HCL configuration.

> <Note>
> 
> If the inherited value from the primary differs from the HCL configuration on the secondary, the secondary will log the
> error `"development cluster setting in config does not match that of the primary, updating to follow the primary config setting"`
> to warn that it will be reporting a different value than what is set in its config.
> 
> </Note>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `development_cluster` setting in the secondary cluster configuration
differs from the value inherited from the primary cluster, the secondary cluster
logs the following error to warn about the discrepancy:

`"development cluster setting in config does not match that of the primary, updating to follow the primary config setting"`
```
Style correction: write in active voice, use asides sparingly (in this case, it works to just fold the information in to the main text)

> If the secondary cluster is promoted to a primary, it will begin to report its own `development_cluster` value determined by its HCL configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the secondary cluster is promoted to a primary, it reports the
`development_cluster` value determined by its own HCL configuration.
```
Style correction: write in active voice

reported `development_cluster` value when the primary cluster changes.

Within each cluster, each node must have the same `development_cluster` setting in its configuration to be consistent.
In the event of leadership change, the active node will use its own server configuration to determine the value to report.

> Inconsistent configuration between nodes will change the `development_cluster` setting reported upon active unseal.

Author: @finnstech you were asking for an example - I feel like an example would cause this warning to be too lengthy, hopefully the clarification made in the line above helps with what this means? Essentially, since whichever is the active node will use its own configuration to determine the value to report, changing the active node could change the reported value if the nodes are using different configurations

Reviewer 2: that's helpful clarification, thanks. If there's a warning or a log that is sent when it changes, that might be helpful to call out.

Author: There's no warning when the reported value changes due to a leadership change, because the nodes are unaware of what the previous active node's config was. But this reminded me that we _do_ emit a log when the value changes due to replication, and I've added a note about that above
